Rework docker image build (#2344)
elyra-ai/elyra: etc/docker/kubeflow/README.md

{% endcomment %}
-->

### Elyra Docker Image - Kubeflow Notebooks

This `Dockerfile` is used to build an Elyra notebook image that can be launched by [Kubeflow's Notebook Server](https://www.kubeflow.org/docs/components/notebooks/).

Ready-to-use container images are published on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/elyra/kf-notebook) and [quay.io](https://quay.io/repository/elyra/kf-notebook). 
Refer to [the documentation](https://elyra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/recipes/using-elyra-with-kubeflow-notebook-server.html) for details.

#### Building a custom container image

To build a custom version of this container image:
1. Clone this repository

> 2. Build the image using the `Dockerfile` in the `kubeflow/notebooks` directory:

Reviewer: The directory reference appears to be invalid

```suggestion
2. Build the image using the `Dockerfile` in the `etc/docker/kubeflow` directory:
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/elyra-ai/elyra/pull/2344/commits/c5e17124f04ab5d2016ceb558cda1281e146ca12
